Rewrite developer section (#942)
openhab/openhab-docs: developers/bindings/thing-xml.md

| Channel Type ID | Reference typeId       | Description  |
|-----------------|------------------------|------------- |
| trigger         | system.trigger         | Can only trigger, no event payload |
| rawbutton       | system.rawbutton       | Can trigger `PRESSED` and `RELEASED` |
| button          | system.button          | Can trigger `SHORT_PRESSED`, `DOUBLE_PRESSED` and `LONG_PRESSED` |
| rawrocker       | system.rawrocker       | Can trigger `DIR1_PRESSED`, `DIR1_RELEASED`, `DIR2_PRESSED` and `DIR2_RELEASED` |

In the following sections the declaration and semantics of tags, state descriptions and channel categories will be explained in more detail. 
For a complete sample of the thing types XML file and a full list of possible configuration options please see the [XML Configuration Guide](xml-reference.html).

### Default Tags

The XML definition of a ThingType allows to assign default tags to channels. 
All items bound to this channel will automatically be tagged with these default tags. 
The following snippet shows a 'Lighting' tag definition:

```xml
<tags>
    <tag>Lighting</tag>
</tags>
```

Please note that only tags from a pre-defined tag library should be used.

> This library is still t.b.d., and only a very small set of tags are defined so far:

Reviewer: What is the intended "t.b.d." here? to be discussed? to be defined? "in active development"?

Author: No idea, ask the ESH docu writters. But you are also invited to come up with a better sentence :)

> This library is still t.b.d., and only a very small set of tags are defined so far:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is still in development., and only a very small set of tags are defined so far:
```

Author: Now that I think about it: The entire sentence should go. There are no plans to introduce a default tags library. We have the semantic tagging library now, but that has entirely different tags than what is listed here.

        OR
        <option value="String">String</option>
        ...
      </options>
    </state>
    OR
    <event>
      <options>
        <option value="String" />
        OR
        <option value="String">String</option>
        ...
      </options>
    </event>
    
    <command>
      <options>
        <option value="String" />
        OR
        <option value="String">String</option>
        ...
      </options>
    </command>

    <config-description>
      ...
    </config-description>
    OR
    <config-description-ref uri="{binding|thing-type|channel-type|any_other}:bindingID:..." />
  </channel-type>   

  <channel-group-type id="channelGroupTypeID" advanced="{true|false}">
    <label>String</label>
    <description>String</description>
    <category>String</category>

    <channels>
      <channel id="channelID" typeId="channelTypeID" />
      ...
    </channels>
  </channel-group-type>   

  ...

</thing:thing-descriptions>
```

<table>
  <tr><td><b>Property</b></td><td><b>Description</b></td></tr>
  <tr><td>thing-descriptions.bindingId</td><td>The identifier of the binding this types belong to (mandatory).</td></tr>
</table>

**Bridges and Things:**

> <table>

Reviewer: Please convert HTML table to markdown.

Author: nope, see above
